---
title: Day
date: 2018-08-02 00:00:00 +00:00
layout: post
description: A New Start
---

## A New Website

I've created a new website at [dst.ceshine.net](https://dst.ceshine.net), and have imported all the tweets from here (data science tweets of the day). It's still in very early Alpha, but basic browsing and search function should work okay. Please give it a try if you're reading this page.

It stores tweets as structured data, in contrast to unstructured markdown used here. That makes filtering, searching, and editing much easier. Basically it is like an enhanced version of Twitter favorites.

## Some Reflection

This project is motivated by my desire to keep track of interesting data science tweets. At first I really thought a Jeykyll markdown website is enough to pull it off. But it quickly turned out the number of tweets that I find interesting is way too many than I expected, and curating them into a markdown post started to cost me 40-80 minutes per day.

In retrospect, I should probably ditch this static approach sooner, since the difficulty of developing and deploying an dynamic version is lower than I thought. It only takes me one week to get it up and running (though many details are still in development). However, the earlier experience with the static version is quite helpful. I know much better what I want from the website now, hence the faster development.

I'd probably focus more on improving backend editing interface from this point. The objective is to build tools that helps people comb through thousands of tweets.
